<h1> CreatorMate Dev Challenge </h1>

# Description
This project is a basic application where you can log in and manipulate several types of shapes. It is a simple RESTful API that allows creation, deletion, modification and retrieval of different models. All data is stored in a database.

## Running the application

Make sure to install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

### Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
npx tailwindcss -i ./public/css/iapp.css -o ./public/css/app.css
npx tailwindcss -i ./public/css/imain.css -o ./public/css/main.css
npx tailwindcss -i ./public/css/ilogin.css -o ./public/css/login.css
npm run init-db # to initialise the database
npm run dev
```

### Production

Build the application for production:

```bash
npx tailwindcss -i ./public/css/iapp.css -o ./public/css/app.css
npx tailwindcss -i ./public/css/imain.css -o ./public/css/main.css
npx tailwindcss -i ./public/css/ilogin.css -o ./public/css/login.css
npm run init-db # to initialise the database
npm run build
npm run preview # preview the production build
```

## Functionality
### Requirements
- [x] The user should be able to log in. I have created two users: ``Vlad`` with password ``1234`` and ``CreatorMate`` with password ``Vlad``. Both the username and password are case-sensitive.

- [x] The user should be able to create a shape. The user can create a shape by clicking on any of the ``+`` buttons. These are generated by default in white in the middle of the screen.
- [x] The user should be able to delete a shape. The user can delete a shape by clicking on the ``-`` icon that is in the right-corner of the screen.
- [x] The user should be able to move a shape. The user can move a shape by dragging it. The position is automatically saved.
- [x] The user should be able to change the color of a shape. The user can do so by clicking the ``C`` button on the right bottom corner of the screen.
- [x] The data should be stored in a database. The data is stored in a database. This has to be initialised beforehand by running `npm run init-db`.

### Improvements
- [ ] The mouse precision on moving the shapes is not perfect, in fact it is a bit off. This could be fixed by adjusting the calculations for the mouse and shape position.

### Further Enhancements
Further improvements are easy to implement since the application is build to be relatively scalable. Some extra features that could be added are:
- [ ] The user could be able to resize a shape.

- [ ] The user could be able to control the animation of the shapes.
- [ ] The user could be able to crash two shapes.

## Contact
``` 
Vlad Ichim | 0681097927 | vladichim17@yahoo.ro
```
